
Company: Spotify

Number of Employees: Estimation is over 9,000 employees.

CEO: Daniel Ek

CFO: Paul Vogel

President: Daniel Ek

Current Job Postings: 
Seems there is a freeze hire because there is no current job postings for Spotify. Could only find one through a third-party recruiter: Growth Account Manager
Spotify
Toronto, ON
Apply on SimplyHired
Full-time
Sales

Ad Sales

Sell what you love. For us and millions of users across the globe, that’s Spotify. Join the Sales team and you’ll build the relationships that help grow our business in existing markets and beyond. We don’t just sell creative solutions to our clients and partners, we help to shape them; using our expert knowledge of ad products, sales channels and the industry to impact the way the world experiences music and podcasts.

Location

Toronto

Job type

Permanent

We are seeking an outstanding Account Manager to join our self-serve SMB team, a fast-growing unit within the Spotify ad sales organization. We want someone who loves our product and wakes up every morning happy to interact with our clients. This role includes strategic planning, expert product knowledge, storytelling, and client communication.

You should be confident while staying humble. You work hard, but appreciate a healthy life balance. Your work will impact the way we connect with Spotify advertisers and users, and will shape the way the world experiences Spotify, so operating with integrity, speed, and passion is invaluable.

What You'll Do
• Uncover & drive strategy for SMB clients: Lead sales calls, business reviews, and recurring check-ins. Understand needs and make recommendations. Build custom sales presentations by preparing key data, historical findings and relevant research
• Create opportunities: Steer client conversations towards opportunities for brands to use Spotify Advertising to achieve their promotion objectives
• Build Pipeline: Track a high volume of complex conversations; leverage software to prioritize your activity & engagement
• Deliver revenue: Nurture and close opportunities. Hit revenue targets
• Evangelize: Command & convey key Ad Studio product knowledge to clients with accurate detail. Be a champion for client needs with internal stakeholders
• Work across functions: Collaborate with Product, Marketing, & Data teams; perform occasional nuts & bolts work that helps keep our platform up & running efficiently

Who You Are
• Knowledgeable: 2-4+ years of experience managing a pipeline & driving revenue within an digital advertising technology organization. Expertise in audio advertising preferred
• Organized & self-reliant: You thrive while having to navigate varied demands on your time, rather than being told what to do in an environment free of distraction
• Articulate: You succinctly express your stakeholders’ needs, and your own, to others
• Intrinsically motivated: You want to be the best, but you’re more driven by beating your own prior top score than by reigning as the top scorer on your team
• Hungry: You’re excited to overachieve against targets
• Team-oriented: You’re keen to learn from peers, and share your own strengths & success stories to support others. You’re quick to credit others with wins; your team’s victory is your own
• Bilingual: As a local sales business within a global team, this role requires fluent English and professional fluency in French in order to serve customers where they’re most comfortable

Where You'll Be
• This role will be based in our Toronto office

Our global benefits

Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse.

Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success.

Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents.

All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub.

Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs.

Learn about life at Spotify

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service


Headquarter Locations: Spotify's headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden, with a major offices all around the world.

Spotify HQ
Spotify AB
Regeringsgatan 19
SE-111 53 Stockholm
Sweden
Reg no: 556703-7485
office@spotify.com